# matplotlib-challenge

## Background

Pymaceuticals, Inc., a new pharmaceutical company that specialises in anti-cancer medications has begun screening for potential treatments for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), a commonly occurring form of skin cancer.

I have been tasked with generating all of the tables and figures needed for a technical report of the clinical study, including a top-level summary of the study results.

The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens. In this study, 249 mice who were identified with SCC tumours received treatment with a range of drug regimens. Over the course of 45 days, tumour development was observed and measured. 


## Setup

1. Github repository path: https://github.com/joshmartin33/matplotlib-challenge.git

2.  Clone github repository to your computer.


## Folder/Files

* [README.md] - Readme file

* [matplotlib-challenge] - Main folder to hold all resources needed to run the task
    -   [pymaceuticals.ipynb] - The Jupyter Notebook
    -   [data] - Folder to house the csv files needed to be processed
        *   [Mouse_metadata.csv] - csv file to be processed
        *   [Study_results.csv] - csv file to be processed

## Instructions

3. Locate file called pymaceuticals.ipynb found in folder "matplotlib-challenge"

4. Open pymaceuticals.ipynb in any application that can run a Jupyter notebook.

5. Click on "Run all" 

6. Results will be printed to the screen

## References

Data generated by Mockaroo (Links to an external site.), LLC (2022). Realistic Data Generator.